A long time ago in a village called Nintendo there was a fierce warrior called Mario, and this brave warrior loved the princes of the village ‘Peach’ they lived a very happy life together until one day a bad dragon called ‘Maynak’ came to the village and abducted Marios love ‘Peach’
Mario was very upset so he decided to: 1. Fight to get his love 2. Flyaway because he was afraid

1. So Mario took his Mushroom which is known to give him immense power and agility. After that he calculated the situation and deduced that his best two options to fight are either from the sea or from the sky, but he had to chose one of these choices because the dragon was getting away so Mario quickly:
	  1.1 Wore his diving suit and continued on his way to attack ‘Maynak’ through the sea
	  1.2  Wore his Jetpack and flew up in the sky to attack ‘Maynak’

1.1 While Mario was swimming in the sea desperately trying to get to the dragon he stumbled upon two items that might help him kill the dragon and save the love of his life, he had to chose one of them, so he though thoroughly and took the:
	   1.1.1 Time Machine
	   1.1.2 A cool looking ancient weapon
		1.1.1.1 After taking the time machine, Mario went back in time where when the Dragon 			‘Maynak’  was still a embryo in an eggshell, and he obliterated that eggshell. After that 			 he woke up from his dream traumatized from his action.
		 1.1.1.2 After taking the cool looking ancient weapon he bravely marched towards the 			 dragon and stroke him right on his head, but unfortunately the cool looking ancient 			 weapon broke since it’s ancient, and after that the dragon ‘Maynak’ laughed at Mario 			 and then after he finished laughing he burned the shit out of him. Mario then woke up 			 from his weird nightmare.

1.2 While Mario was flying towards the dragon he decided to plan for his attack move. After thinking about it he decided that he has to:
	    1.2.1 Face the dragon and fight him with honor and bravery
	    1.2.2 Launch a sneaky attack
		1.2.1.1 So Mario launched with full force toward the dragon, but the dragon anticipated 			his attack so he spitted fire on Mario, after that Mario screamed in agony and he woke 			up from his nightmare screaming and waking princes ‘Peach’ who was sleeping next to 			him
		1.2.1.2 So Mario decided to take his time in his fight and get behind the dragon after that 		he launched his sneaky attack and stroke the dragon from behind killing him instantly 			and saving his princes. After doing that Mario woke up from his dream and his lovely                              		princes was already next to him.

2. Mario failed to run away from the dragon because the dragon was after him, so Mario had to run away from the dragon in order to survive so he decided to:
		2.1 go to the sea and swim away from the dragon
		2.2 go to his house inside the village and hide in his bedroom
		      2.1.1 Mario started to swim relentlessly trying to run away from the fierce dragon 			       but ‘Maynak’ launched a huge fire attack on Mario which let the sea water boil and 			       killed Mario. After that Mario woke up and he was relieved that he is alive and it 		   	       was all just a bad dream.
2.2.1 While Mario was hiding inside his bedroom, he heard the sound of the dragon desperately searching for him. But after a while ‘Maynak’ found Mario’s house and started to burn the house. So Mario decided to flee from his house and went:
	2.2.1.1 To the sea >>> 2.1.1
	2.2.1 Flying to finally have some courage and fight the dragon >>> 1.2

